well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again privyet cocktail I mean using both
so we're going to talk about those
Russian documents but before we do I
want to tell you a story here in the
last couple of weeks I took the kid to
the beach
he'd never experienced an undertow
before now I was right next to him it
wasn't particularly strong so I let him
try to fight it
I let him struggle with it try to swim
directly do the beach where I had up
until a point where he almost wore
himself out then I explained he had to
go at an angle it can't fight something
like that you won't win okay so now
these documents first thing you have to
understand is this isn't a Russian
government planet the way this works and
I'm pretty familiar with this process is
a group of civilian contractors come up
with a plan and they submit it to their
handler and then their handler takes it
to the government pitches it to the
government if the government likes that
they fund it if not it dies in this case
it was the internet research agency app
originated maybe Wagner
probably IRA to be honest but I don't
remember to be honest while I was
looking at it so that's where the plan
originated him that's how it came to be
group of intelligence professionals that
are contracted came up with this what is
the plan to trigger an insurgency within
the United States using black Americans
that's the plan now that's not how the
media is describing it yet but that's
the plan they're saying it's to trigger
racial discord trigger yeah because we
don't have that already so the US does
this all the time now when you're
setting something like this up you need
to look for certain banks you need to
look for a population an ethnic minority
that is 10 to 15 percent of the
population in Syria the Kurds were 10
percent
and Iraq they were 15 to 20 the reason
you want 10 to 15 is because that makes
them effective enough to cause a problem
but not so effective that they win you
don't actually want that and 15 is the
cap the Kurds in Iraq were a little bit
over that almost lost control almost had
a Kurdish state so you need that you
need that percentage black Americans are
about 12 by the way you need a group
with a high incarceration rate group
that is economically disadvantaged not
really represented in government they
need to be the out-group they need to be
persecuted oppressed in some way
that's what you need to do this you want
the incarceration rate high because
those people are easier to radicalize
somebody has been to prison it is easier
to play on that gripe play on play on
that experience to get them to move
against their government
that's what it I mean that that's why
it's there we did it in Syria well we
use people that were incarcerated in
Syria to help found the moderate rebels
so this isn't anything new it's not but
in the coverage I'm seeing something
very dangerous already what are we gonna
do about the black nationalist threat
there's not one yet but that question
will will create one that question is
part of the plan you have to a lien
eight this group even further see right
now in the US you know black people
they're an ethnic minority and and
they're looked down upon
what if you add that they could be
possible traitors
so now they're even further alienated
makes them that much easier to
radicalize that is not the question to
ask unless you want it to happen the
question to ask is why did a group of
intelligence professionals select this
demographic to target because we have
systemic racial issues in this country
that need to be addressed that's why
it's it's really that simple that's why
they were chosen it's not because
they're evil or they're not good
Americans it's because they're on the
bottom and they've been on the bottom
and nobody seems to care but here these
people saying hey we'll train you
maybe we can get you your own country
may not seem like such a bad deal so
when you hear this conversation taking
place and people talking about it as if
this is the fault of black Americans you
need to correct because that is very
dangerous that is very dangerous I've
looked at the plan it's it's ambitious
probably wouldn't work this time but
once you establish that generational
trend of trying to go for independence
and that militancy as it stays within
that community generation after
generation a little work it'll work
it'll take time but it'll work so here's
here's the interesting thing about this
addressing racial disparities in this
country oh it's no longer just the moral
thing to do it's always been the moral
thing to do but now it's a national
security issue because
if these Russian contractors figured
this out and they've targeted them every
intelligence agency in the world has
done the same thing they know that
within the United States this group
because of their treatment will be easy
to radicalize think about this really
think about this you can play whatever
conservative trump card you want to
throw out right now doesn't matter no
self appraisal will ever be as valuable
as your opposition's appraisal and the
opposition just told you we treat these
people horribly that's what they're
saying they're saying that because of
the government's treatment of black
Americans they will be a demographic
that can be turned you want to make
America great you got to stop racism
congratulations the best part about all
this is that this plan was drawn up
prior to Trump's administration so
everything that's happened in the last
two years that's just made it worse they
identified them two years ago
yeah so countering racism is now a
national security issue anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night